---
layout: post
title: "Environmentally Aware Prosthesis"
author: "Geoffrey Clark"
categories: research
# tags: [research]
image: env_aware_step.png
---

In order to make prosthetics more responsive to the environment we needed a new modality that can sense environmental factors before they happen. We settled upon adding a small camera to the prosthetic which is able to see the ground in the immediate vicinity of the users foot. Using this new modality, as a user approaches stairs or a curb the prosthesis can automatically adjust to ensure the subject does not trip and that the optimal control action is taken. In the save vein small but important changes to the control action are nessary to adjust the gait when the user walks over, grass, sand, or gravel. Our method enables a user to seemlessly transition between terrain types while retaining control over their actions.

We utalized a deep convolutional neural network set up in an autoencoder configuration, where the input takes the raw RGB image and the output predicts a depth map of the image. By conditioning the network durring training on depth based terrain features we can extract latent terrain features from the raw image. The bottleneck layer containing the latent terrain features is utalized by other predictive models to ditermint the optimal control action given the condition of the terrain. Our novel contributions in this work incude (1) an end to end training approach which outputs depth maps which are more accurate and less noisy than IR-based depth sensors, and (2) a control policy which yields appropiate control actions for various terrain types. 

The overview image shows an example of our control policy along with the predicted depth map as pointclouds. Further we included various examples of our depth prediction over various terrain types below.